EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into as of April 1, 2024, between Nexus Technologies Inc., a California corporation ("Company"), and Jordan Lee ("Employee").

SECTION 1. POSITION AND DUTIES
Company agrees to employ Employee as Senior Software Engineer. Employee shall report to the VP of Engineering and perform duties consistent with the position as reasonably assigned by the Company from time to time. Employee agrees to devote full business time and attention to the performance of Employee's duties.

SECTION 2. COMPENSATION
Company shall pay Employee a base salary of $180,000 per year, payable in accordance with the Company's standard payroll schedule. Employee shall be eligible for an annual performance bonus of up to 15% of base salary, based on the achievement of individual and company performance targets as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.

SECTION 3. BENEFITS
Employee shall be entitled to participate in the Company's standard employee benefit programs, including health insurance, 401(k) plan, and fifteen (15) days of paid time off per year, subject to the terms of those plans and applicable law.

SECTION 4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Employee agrees that all inventions, discoveries, and works of authorship created by Employee during the term of employment that relate to the Company's business or result from Employee's work shall be the sole property of the Company. Employee shall promptly disclose and assign all such work product to the Company.

SECTION 5. NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION
During employment and for twelve (12) months thereafter, Employee shall not: (a) engage in any business activity that directly competes with the Company within the United States; or (b) solicit any employee or customer of the Company.

SECTION 6. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT AND SEVERANCE
Employment is at-will and may be terminated by either party at any time for any reason. In the event of termination by the Company without cause, Employee shall receive four (4) weeks of base salary as severance, contingent on execution of a release of claims.

SECTION 7. GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.
